{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 UML: Liu, Pandit, Shelton\
\
GRADE: 93/100\
\
Comments (all stream of consciousness; forgive the brevity, tone, and likely errors): \
	- I really enjoyed watching the evolution of this project. I like the changes made and think it has great potential \
\
	- I wonder about time trends. Notably these data are from 2012, almost 8 years ago. As things in data and technology so rapidly progress, and thus people adapt at a similar pace, I wonder if we would expect to see different trends or have different expectations with more current data? Something to consider for a possible extension, especially if you get the ear of one of these companies; I bet they would provide the most recent data\
\
	- Small side note, \'93doc2vec\'94 is the python implementation of a vector space model for text mining (doc2vec itself isn\'92t a formally defined model). The more widely accepted name is a vector space model; something to keep in mind for future extensions and revisions of this work\
\
	- Too many bulleted lists (with several grammatical errors throughout); its distracting to read/sift through\
\
	- I am confused by this: \'93
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Choice will need to be guided by theory. Our key statistical assumption is that difference in the text are CAUSED by differences in demographics. In this sense, we would seek to consider those demographics whose values may lead men to alter their choice of language.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'94 \'93Statistical assumptions\'94 are never apart of a formal theory, plus I didn\'92t see any theoretical innovation in this paper. It feels very exploratory to me, which is fine. Also, none of your techniques allow for leverage in asserting causality, thus you should probably avoid using these types of terms in such a project. Further, an assumption is by definition not tested in the model (it is assumed, not explicated). Thus, stating assumption does not lead to the testing of causality as this section of clauses suggests. I would be extra careful with phrases and terms used, especially in such an EDA-type project.\
\
	- \'93\'85
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Gowler distance\'85
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'94 (p. 5)\
\
	- On p. 5 ,same sentence, do you really mean \'93
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 computationally impossible
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'94 or rather \'93computationally expensive\'94? \
\
	- More subheadings would strengthen this paper, as sections are bleeding together, making a bit tricky to follow\
\
	- I would have liked more discussion on the Flesch index, especially given its prominence in your approach. Related, is \'93Flesch\'94 distinct from \'93
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Flesch\'96Kincaid\'94?
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
	- Good use of DBSCAN; clever and appropriate for this task\
\
	- Good, consistent reporting in the STM section\
\
	- What is going on in the (unlabeled) figure on p. 28? I think I see, and you discuss a bit in the surrounding text, but in research reports, figures and tables should always be descriptive enough to stand on their own, including labels, captions, and numbering (as discussed in week 2 of the course in creating good visualizations). Same with several other figures in the STM section: some are numbered and others aren\'92t, some are poorly rendered, some lack needed structure (e.g., figure 10), and so on. The figures, in my opinion are the most important part of a paper; treat these with care\
\
	- Figure 12 is a table, not a figure. Further, I would like to see magnitudes of effect as cell entries and not significance levels via stars (or at the very least, a second table with coefficient estimates; but both could be included in a single table in line with convention). The former is in line with research reporting. I do like what you find, though. Very fascinating results in this section. It just need a bit more careful attention re: presentation\
\
	- Overall, this was a good paper and an interesting project. I really liked your findings, and think you pulled trends apart in a clever, unsupervised way. This is a hard thing to do effectively. I think the presentation all around needs a bit of work, but the substance and expertise is definitely there. Well done overall and this quarter. My door is always opened if you\'92d like to discuss this or any other projects more in the future. }